Fix login cookie destroyed after authKey change (#19621) (#19632)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/UPGRADE.md

version B between A and C, you need to follow the instructions
for both A and B.

Upgrade from Yii 2.0.46
-----------------------

> * Applications that change the underlying `authKey` of an authenticated identity, instead of calling
>   `yii\web\User::switchIdentity()` or `yii\web\User::login()` to recreate the active session with the new `authKey`,
>   should now call `yii\web\User::userAuthKeyUpdated()`. `yii\web\User::userAuthKeyUpdated()` recreates the active session 
>   and IdentityCookie (if exists) with the new `authKey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In case your user initiates his own `authKey` change and should not be logged out, instead of calling
  `yii\web\User::switchIdentity()` or `yii\web\User::login()` call `yii\web\User::userAuthKeyUpdated()` that re-issues identity cookie as well as switching identity.
```
